What else do you want to know?
Salary and ability match
Believe in every outstanding company
We all know that.
I said it directly
Your company is suitable for my department
Is the head of the clothing design department
My ideal salary is a monthly salary 50,000
Do not accept overtime
Refuse workplace KTV
You can start next Monday.
But I have a condition
You have to pay me a month's salary in advance today.
Mr. Gu
A total of 73 applicants participated in the interview
I believe it is unnecessary to introduce it to you.
Like this, you need a high salary without any ability.
I just graduated and want to be a supervisor
Self-righteous like this
So tall and not far away
Did you touch it?
Touched
Many people meet the requirements you mentioned.
all eliminated
Oh, right.
Mr. Gu has something important to do
Talented designer Coco has agreed to join
You mean the one at the costume design contest
A work of experience
Female college student who won the championship
It's people like him who have to be reused.
No matter what conditions he wants
Promise him that
Take me to see him
Mr. Gu has gone home
Said to be in a hurry to go back and take the baby
Bring a baby pair
Hunan cuisine, why is he here?